Bull Force OTP Verification Project

This project implements a simple OTP-based login and verification system using Node.js, Express, and Nodemailer. Users enter their email to receive an OTP, which they then verify on the same page. A success or failure message is displayed based on the OTP validation.

Features

Email-based OTP Verification: Users receive a one-time password (OTP) via email to verify their identity.
Error Handling: The app handles errors in sending OTPs and displays appropriate messages.
OTP Expiration: OTPs expire after 5 minutes, ensuring security.

Technologies Used

Node.js: Backend JavaScript runtime.
Express: Web framework for handling routes.
Nodemailer: Library for sending emails.
HTML: Basic HTML used within JavaScript for rendering forms and messages.

Installation

Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/bull-force-otp-project.git

Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd bull-force-otp-project

Install the required dependencies:

bash
Copy code
npm install

Set Up Credentials: Replace the placeholder credentials in app.js with your email and password for sending OTPs:

javascript
Copy code

const EMAIL = 'your-email@gmail.com';
const EMAIL_PASSWORD = 'your-email-password';

Note: This project demonstrates OTP verification without an .env file. Avoid using this approach in production as it may expose sensitive information.

Start the server:

bash
Copy code

node app.js
Open your browser and go to http://localhost:3000 to use the app.

Project Structure
bash
Copy code
bull-force-otp-project
├── app.js             # Main server file
└── package.json       # Project configuration and dependencies

How It Works

Enter Email: Users enter their email on the homepage.
Send OTP: A 6-digit OTP is generated and sent to the user's email using Nodemailer.
Verify OTP: The user enters the OTP on a verification page.
Validation:
If the OTP matches and is entered within 5 minutes, a success message is shown.
If the OTP is incorrect or expired, a failure message is displayed.
